.TH MONASM 3 "Version 1.0" "Date"
.SH NOM
monasm \- routines assembly pour diverses opérations

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <s_maths.h>
.LP
.B int init(void);
.B int s_abs(int x);
.B int s_div(int dividend, int divisor);
.B int s_pow(int base, int exponent);

.SH DESCRIPTION
La bibliothèque \s_maths\fP fournit des routines assembly pour des opérations variées.

The function \s_abs\fP calcule la valeur absolue d'un entier.

The function \s_div\fP effectue une division entière sécurisée.

The function \s_pow\fP calcule une puissance entière.

.TH STDIO.H "Version 1.0" "01/02/2024"
.SH NOM
monasm_io \- routines assembly pour l'affichage de chaînes de caractères

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <stdio.h>
.LP
.B void s_puts(const char *str);

.SH DESCRIPTION

The function \s_puts\fP affiche la chaîne de caractères spécifiée jusqu'à la rencontre d'un caractère nul.

.SH PARAMÈTRES
.LP
.I str
Pointeur vers la chaîne de caractères à afficher.

.SH RETURN VALUES
La fonction ne renvoie pas de valeur.

.SH VOIR AUSSI
Autres fonctions ou pages de manuel liées.

.TH Stdlib 3 "Version 1.0" "01/02/2024"
.SH NAME
stdlib \- ATOI et abs

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <superlibc_math.h>
.LP
.B int s_abs(int x);
.B int s_atoi(const char *str);

.SH DESCRIPTION
The function \s_abs\fP calculates the absolute value of an integer.

The function \s_atoi\fP converts a string to an integer.

.SH PARAMETERS
.LP
.I x
An integer for which the absolute value is calculated (\s_abs\fP).

.I str
A pointer to the string to be converted to an integer (\s_atoi\fP).

.SH RETURN VALUES
.LP
.B init
Returns an integer indicating the success of the initialization.

.B s_abs
Returns the absolute value of the input integer.

.B s_atoi
Returns the converted integer.

.SH SEE ALSO
Other related functions or manual pages.